How is that possible?
My son has been practicing martial arts for many years
So he actually gave birth
How could it be defeated in one go?
You just stepped on my dad with this leg
Then don't ask for it.
Ah boy
Give me more madness
Just kill your mother and kneel down
Let's go, Xiaoyun
Leave my mom alone
Don't be afraid, it will be fine soon.
Kneel down and don't let go of your sleeves
I'll kill you first, old man
kid
Can you fight?
Participate in the less braised swordsman
I see how you fight
You can run
But these two old things are set
Die for me.
Are you looking for me?
I'll kill your whole family first
Then kill your sister
How can a dead person be so powerful?
Don't kill me!
Are we related?
I'm your cousin
Second uncle, hurry up and save my second uncle
You saved me when I was almost gloomy
You know me too
You also know that my father saved you in the first place
General privilege
You don't deserve to be proud too soon
I won't let you go.
Wrong good
Lu Xueqing's fool
Did we solve it for me?